Access Review History Defintions (#12107)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accessreviewhistorydefinition-list.md

---
title: "List accessReviewHistoryDefinitions"
description: "Get a list of the accessReviewHistoryDefinition objects."
author: "isabelleatmsft"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# List accessReviewHistoryDefinitions
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Retrieve the [accessReviewHistoryDefinition](../resources/accessreviewhistorydefinition.md) objects which have been created in the last 30 days. A list of zero or more accessReviewHistoryDefinitions objects are returned, including all of their nested properties.

>[!NOTE]

> >If many **accessReviewHistoryDefinitions** are returned, to improve efficiency and avoid timeouts, retrieve the result set in pages, by including both the $top query parameter with a page size of at most 100, and the $skip=0 query parameter in the request. When a result set spans multiple pages, Microsoft Graph returns that page with an @odata.nextLink property in the response that contains a URL to the next page of results. If that property is present, continue making additional requests with the @odata.nextLink URL in each response, until all the results are returned, as described in paging Microsoft Graph data in your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>The default page size for this API is 100 accessReviewHistoryDefinitions objects. To improve efficiency and avoid timeouts due to large result sets, apply pagination using the `$skip` and `$top` query parameters. For more information, see [Paging Microsoft Graph data in your app](/graph/paging).
```

|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|AccessReview.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|AccessReview.ReadWrite.All|

If the signed-in user is not a Global Admin directory role member or a Global Reader directory role member then only the definitions which the signed-in user has created will be returned.

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /identityGovernance/accessReviews/historyDefinitions
```

## Optional query parameters
This method supports some of the OData query parameters to help customize the response. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a collection of [accessReviewHistoryDefinition](../resources/accessreviewhistorydefinition.md) objects in the response body.

## Examples

### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "list_accessreviewhistorydefinition"
}
-->
``` http

> GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/identityGovernance/accessReviews/historyDefinitions?$top=100&$skip=0

Reviewer 2: The first example should be running the call without any query parameters if possible to run without them.
